what's up guys Miki motions here this is
a race review of the Belgian Grand Prix
and man wasn't this the most
entertaining race of the year has to be
without a doubt straight from the start
it was absolutely hectic with a
controversial move from version which
caused this whole havoc at the start of
the race in the first turn so basically
what happens is that the start Roman
garage on just moves over to the right
over to do some what's inside and they
touch and then from that moment on they
were just like they were a passenger or
something because Lewis Hamilton
couldn't do anything he just goes
straight into Grosjean gross and goes
flying it's gross and just manages to
miss Fernando's head so so lucky that
Fernando wasn't taken out there that
would have been a horrendous horrendous
awful fatal moment there for the
Fernando Alonso he's lucky to be alive
that's for certain
now I'm not gonna give my opinions and
what happened you guys are gonna have to
check out the Formula One Show for that
and the link will be in the description
flat because we'll be live-streaming
podcasts just like the full Milan forum
that you'll see on the BBC red button
but anyway it was a good race for Jenson
Button he managed to win the race from
pole don't know the last time that
actually happened but just a vine is
amazing in this changeable conditions
where you know this is even safe to
cause some kind of huge crash or
whenever it just goes from wet to dry
conditions it just dominates those kind
of situations Vettel came second with
brain rest for him but he couldn't keep
up with just a button space because his
7th gear was too low for him to get
enough speed on the straight and always
seems to be happening to red ball the
way seem to have the 7th gear way too
low let's go had to really work hard to
get second place because we saw a move
with Schumacher as well where Schumacher
actually goes into the pits assist
that's gonna be investigated as well but
I doubt they're gonna give him a penalty
or anything like that but he had very
tricky race for Vettel but he manages to
get second place where I can only manage
to get third great race from him I
expected him to get podium and spa I
reckon and was trying to make a move
around Michael Schumacher at the start
of the race but Michael Schumacher
obviously having the defensive line
eventually Schumacher was really slow
and räikkönen
made the move because my cannon just had
much more peace than Schumacher did it
was a disappointing race with Schumacher
I mean he was in fifth place when the
safety car came out after that incident
and he managed to make some moves after
the race restarted but after that after
a few laps for Blackhawk were after
halfway through we saw that Schumacher
was losing pace and the tires were just
going and sure mike has just lost his
pace from there after räikkönen just
made his move and it's really
frustrating to watch because we see
these just doesn't have the pace and you
know there's even talks of Schumacher
retiring so I'm just hoping that
Schumacher stays is going on it's just
what film noir needs I think everyone
wants to see Schumacher do well in
Formula one it would be so ugly so
amazing I could win some races this year
and hopefully we'll stay for next year
in 2013 to do some more racing moving on
now Nico Hulkenberg had the great race
for the first India team very very good
start after the restart he started in
11th place and he managed to finish in
fourth really really good pace from Nico
hülkenberg really wasn't expecting him
to do so well fifth place was Felipe
Massa for Ferrari good race for him Mark
Webber in 6th place quite disappointing
really Mark Weber I needs much more pace
7 for Schumacher's and as I mentioned
the Toro Rosso steak 8th and 9th and
Paul di Resta gets third place for the
Force India team disappointing for him
he could have stayed behind Nico
Hulkenberg but just didn't have the pace
and Nico Rosberg gets 11th as well
burner Senna gets 12 and could be
actually disappointed with him I feel
really sorry for him only magic managing
to get 13 if I mean he was involved in
accident as well and kilos
wing so really disappointed for him such
a shame but anyway I hope you guys
enjoyed this race review if you guys
wanna check out the Formula One Show
live you can just click on the link in
the description this is Mickey motions
I'm out see you